I knew Ashna was going to be a part of our family, and I've never told them this, and I've never told you guys this,
but I knew she was going to be a part of our family.
When we were celebrating a holiday, it was either Thanksgiving or Christmas or something like that,
and they sent a video of them sitting all around their table, having dinner and drinks, maybe, were there drinks?
Oh yeah, they were drinks.
And the video went around, and they said, hey Mun, Ashna, you know, happy Thanksgiving, happy whatever,
and it was more directed towards Mun, like hey Mun, hey Mun, hey Mun, hey Mun, hey Mun, hey Mun.
And at that point I knew Ashna was the youngest.
And Umang said, we miss you.
And I'm like, what the hell is this guy?
Same video, same Mrs. and my son.
Have we ever met?
And I'm like, he's in.
He's in.
So anyway, Karen lost her speech. I didn't write one.
And really what Karen meant when she talks about family is, you know, we can't wait till they all go home.
I said, we can't wait till they all go home.
That was funny, people.
So hey, I know I can't come close to saying anything up here that everyone else has already said.
The speeches on Friday night about gaining a new brother, about Katherine and Claire's admiration for their brother,
and then those vows, the vows you guys gave each other, like how can anyone top that?
They were beautiful.
And the beautiful thing about it is Karen and I, we were right up there, and they got their little book,
and they were saying their vows, and they were looking at each other, and it was just beautiful.
The thing that struck me, I was like, how, you know, Mun's handwriting is as bad as mine.
I didn't even read that.
And it was in such tiny print.
I remember as a kid, I wrote in really tiny print, because I couldn't spell too well.
And I was like, well, nobody would be able to read it.
And he was like, his print was as small as mine.
I'm kind of wondering if he has the same disability.
So it's going to be hard to top this.
I'd rather honestly just put on another fancy shirt with a tiger or lion or anything, sparkles in it,
but that's not going to cut it tonight.
Mun, I do want to thank you for being a part of our life.
It's been a blessing.
For me, the first action I took as a father was driving into the hospital,
and I got to run a red light, because she was in labor,
and I knew if a cop pulled me over, it'd be no problem.
And we couldn't find any red lights.
So I had to find one.
I found one, you run it, and since then, it's just been great watching you grow up.
So I'm going to start my speech with a little participation.
So I'm going to say something like, Mun has a baby face.
And you will respond, how much of a baby face does Mun have?
And then I would say something like, go to table 15.
He was 15 years old.
Look at that picture.
That kid's in high school, and he looks like he's six years old.
So a lot of things have been covered when you go last,
and you start to cross them off.
So there are a few things I really did want to share.
And I think the thing about Mun that's just so amazing is his energy.
And everyone has said it, he's energetic, but his energy is contagious.
It's not just, oh, here's a little flow of energy.
It's contagious.
And it is so genuine.
It's 100% genuine.
It's not superficial.
It's not like Galinda walks in the room.
It's really him.
That's who he is.
Niko Tesla was sort of the father of modern energy.
And I would think he would take a different approach to energy
and probably solve it a lot faster if he had meant more.
And then there are some things about Mun.
We all know he's really smart.
Everyone said that.
He had certificates of achievement out of Wazoo from high school.
He had a high GPA, graduated with honors.
And of course, he went where?
Wazoo!
To Wash U.
So with all that background, I just want to share a little story.
Where one night I got a call from one.
And his dad, remember when you told me that special tool you needed
to replace a street sign in town?
What's that tool called?
That's an Allen wrench.
And 45 minutes later he comes home.
I think Will was with him.
And there was a young lady with him.
And I didn't remember who the young lady was.
But of all his friends, I was like, it's got to be Max.
She has got to be the one that was there.
She has such a life, you know, a joyful life.
It had to be her.
Madison turns out to be somebody else.
But she's no longer here.
So Madison's here, that's what counts, right?
So to make this story short, one comes home with a sign
that says Kenwood on it.
You're a smart kid, right?
So I said, oh, you know, okay, I did that as a kid.
And it was his first crime.
At the age of 27.
And I said, well, what was the other sign?
He goes, oh, we left it.
I go, you left it?
I go, what do you think is going to happen?
The police are going to say, oh, the Kenwood sign is missing.
They're going to look in the phone book.
Just kidding.
And they're going to say, oh, there's one Kenwood on it.
Let's check that out.
And the other name, believe it or not, was Smith.
I'm like, dude, take them both.
They never know.
Police would have said, Smith, no, we're not changing it.
So I had to go back, wipe the pole down,
and take the Smith sign.
So that's how smart he was.
You've all said this, one's a great friend.
You know that.
He's easy to talk to.
He's very loyal.
He would listen to you.
I spoke to some of his friends last night.
And they just said, you know, one's just a friend
that we want to be around.
So I thought that was great.
One is also, can be very philosophical.
And I want to share another story
where he was very philosophical.
He was about three years old.
We didn't let the kids watch that much TV growing up.
And he was at the neighbor's house
sitting in the basement watching TV.
And her name is Connie.
She's a neighbor.
She's part of the Exmoor Group.
And Mun is sitting there watching TV in the basement.
And Connie says to Mun, hey, Mun,
why don't you just move your stuff over?
Come on over here.
You can watch TV.
Bring your games over.
It's right next door to your parents.
You'll still see your parents.
But, you know, you'll be with us.
And you can watch TV.
So this is literally a quote from a three-year-old.
Connie, which, by the way, is not appropriate.
You should have said Mrs. Steinhauer.
Connie, you have to live your life, and I have to live mine.
We all know Mun's compassionate.
We all know that.
Here's a story where poor Claire lost her four guinea pigs
in a matter of, like, two months.
So we had a service for them, a funeral.
Mun couldn't be there, so he FaceTimed them.
And our compassionate son was just cracking up on them.
Two more quick stories.
He's a stand-up guy.
I mean, he has a lot of integrity.
Unfortunately, growing up, Mun hurt things for me,
like, you know, effort is between you and you.
You have to have a lot of integrity in life.
You know, I had all these little sayings for him.
But one time he was in the park,
and some of our neighbors were in the park,
these two girls, and these guys were bothering him.
And remember, Mun was short.
And he went up to those boys and said,
hey, man, leave them alone. They're my friends.
And they did.
And the funny thing about it is that the dad came down
after hearing the story.
And the dad is one of the bigger dads on the street.
You don't want to mess with him.
And he basically came over and said,
hey, if anyone picks on Mun in school,
you let me know, because I'm going to go over
and kick that father's ass.
So, Mun, you're just an outstanding man,
and Karen and I are very proud to have you as a son.
Awesome.
I thought I was going first,
so I was not going to say much about you,
because your father was going to.
But I wasn't going to leave you out.
I can tell you that Mun's sisters,
the cousins, the friends,
the family in France, the Kentucky Trippers,
even the Glen Ellen Moms,
who are referred to as the Gems,
all love you.
Even though you rejected Mun's advances
the first time.
Karen and I love you guys.
Okay, so now we go to the long part of my speech.
So this week, I hope everyone got the opportunity
to visit Mexico City.
And I'm going off on a real tangent,
but obviously we all learn a lot about
intelligent societies, the Mayan and the Aztecs,
and therefore principle gods,
which were basically consisted of earth, wind, and fire,
which is my favorite band, and water.
So water was a new introduction to me.
And it really struck that such advanced civilizations
didn't have like a higher supreme level of a god,
like a god of love.
So I started to think about the...
Oh, and by the way,
so I started to think about the elements
and how I would apply those to love,
and what love I would wish for you.
Now for you historians, fact checkers,
New York Times enthusiasts,
and folks that just can't let anything rest,
I know there's a Cupid,
I know there's a Commedia,
I know there's gods of fertility,
but just go with the story, okay?
And of course, as a good consultant,
I am stealing already the framework of the Aztecs,
earth, wind, and fire.
So let's start with earth.
So they say the earth is the right place for love,
and love makes the world go round.
The earth is the loving water that provides for all species.
And while that might be true,
if I were to wish you love,
I wouldn't wish the earth for you.
You see, the earth is too big,
encompassing an eventual temple.
They also say that sometimes love is like the wind.
You can see it, but you can't feel it.
Sorry.
Love is like the wind.
You can't see it, but you can feel it,
as it kisses your skin and weaves through your hair.
And while that might be true,
if I were to wish you love,
I wouldn't wish wind for you.
For you see, wind is inconsistent.
A whirlwind romance will leave you empty when it passes.
It can shift quickly from one direction to another,
or it can be non-existent
and suddenly grow to hurricane force,
all in the same day.
The wind can grab your sail and take you far,
or create swells that sink your journey.
So I would not wish you wind.
And then the next one is fire.
And for those of you who know me,
fire is my favorite element of the four.
I was excited about making fire the love I wish me,
as sometimes love starts with a spark.
Fire is warm, provides light,
and crackles romantically through the night.
And all that might be true,
but if I were wishing you love,
I wouldn't wish you fire.
Fire can be powerful and burn bright,
but it doesn't last long,
and eventually goes out.
So that leaves us with water.
Water is the soul of the earth.
It's the genesis for keeping us alive
and crucial to making things grow.
Earth is the only planet that we know of
that contains water.
New York Times enthusiasts shut up.
The oceans and lakes provide life for so many.
So if I wished you love,
I would wish you love,
like a river that twists and turns,
and when required changes its flows.
It's powerful and free,
but it consistently finds its way back to the sea.
So like water,
I hope your love is ever-growing and ever-changing.
I hope your love is powerful and free,
and may you always find each other
like the river finds the sea,
and may you be immersed in love forever.
Two more minutes.
I'm going to make a little point.
Okay, here we go.
So since I went on this crazy tangent
about the elements of love,
I'm a marriage counselor
with some advice.
And as a consultant, I've got four quadrants
because I'm me and I made it six.
Okay, here we go.
First quadrant is financial.
Financial quadrant.
It's at least fun, especially after the cost of this wedding.
And it drives lots of stress in relationships.
But philosophically, here are some things to think about.
Money will come and go,
but the time spent with each other
will never ever come back.
So consume as much of each other as you can.
Don't ever let wealth define your worth.
If you find yourself thinking
you don't have enough money and we need more,
remember you have enough as long as you have each other.
And don't let financial goals interfere
with the time you spend
with your asana or family and friends.
Again, I'm going to go through this quickly.
Second quadrant is faith.
Whether you believe in God, prayer, or not,
you can create your own heaven
right here, right now.
The foundation of any relationship
is based on having faith in each other,
even if you're not sure why something was said
or something is happening.
Have faith in yourself and others.
Faith in this commitment and journey
you're about to begin.
I know she's getting anxious.
Okay, third quadrant.
We may be a little off of PG-13,
so we may have to cover some ears here.
My third quadrant, because all my quadrants
start with an F, I call it fintimacy.
I could have used another word,
but that wouldn't work.
So your love language, fintimacy,
let your hands hold you together
through life's journey.
Intimacy is a strong bond of marriage.
Whether it's a warm embrace,
a snuggle-buggle,
a pat on the you-know-what,
a quickie,
a monothon session,
it will bring you joy, energy,
and a sense of a shared purpose.
Fourth quadrant is friendships.
I'm not going to go into that too much,
but I think you guys know
we have some very great friends
that have shaped us.
The Magnificent Seven, for those of you guys
that know how important these relationships are,
we've been friends since before high school,
and they are here in London.
And to be honest,
they took me out of being the derelict I was
in high school,
and being a father took me out of the next level
of derelictness that I was chasing,
and Karen, obviously, just saved me from being a father.
So friendship is key, fun.
You guys know I have a saying this year,
buy the ticket.
Forever is a long time until it's over,
so get living now.
You can make a life of memories,
you can live off of memories,
or you can make more memories, so make them.
Make decisions that feed the heart,
and then finally, as we wrap up,
because I'm cutting so much of this out,
society, music and art are important.
Keep that in mind, music and art are important.
I love this one, but I don't know.
Okay, if you don't cut your own grass,
your yard is too big.
Keep that in mind.
And you can protest,
but protest without action doesn't get results
to those that are empowered, so take action.
Okay, that was the hook.
It was great talking to you people.
I love you all.
And do I really have to go?
Okay.
Anyway, I'm in trouble.

